- How a candidate’s work experience meets job requirements.
- How a candidate’s skills meet job requirements.
- Why a candidate wants to work at the organization.

Either express enthusiasm, show why you believe in the company, or show your experience. 



Draft Introduction #1 - experience

It is with great enthusiasm to apply for the Senior Marketing Designer role at Fast.
In my 2+ years of experience managing multiple ecommerce stores on Etsy, I've expanded
technical skills in digital marketing, progressed my knowledge in fundamental business operations, 
developed competence in distilling data to obtain actionable insights, and 
realized my knack for process optimization. Along with my 2+ years of experience in visual
communication and my expertise of basic client-side development, I am confident that I
can bring Fast's brand to life. 
    1. expressed your knowledge in project management/businss operations
    2. data-driven decision
    3. being more efficient
    4. client side development

My interest in Fast's mission stems from a similar encountered problem during my time managing 
Coffee Meets Mug, LLC and Besties Gift Shop, LLC; that is, simplifying the customer experience
and streamlining the production process, albeit, custom digital designs. Manually creating 
custom designs became time-consuming. So, I developed a terminal application in Javascript and 
Node.js that interfaces with Adobe Illustrator to automatically generate design files based on 
customers preferences/identifers. This reduced design inaccuracies, decreased fulfillment time 
and more importantly, improved brand equity; In result, it decreased operational costs by 
55%, and lead time by 3 days. 
    1. in this paragraph, you've described yourself as a problem solver
    2. Expressed interest in Fast's mission for simplying the user experience
    3. mentioned brand equity (shows that you understand branding)

As the sole designer, I created digital designs that were relevant to buyer interest, unique and
consistent with brand proposition. This lead to an average revenue of $1,533 per sku, and 10.2%
compound monthly growth rate in 2019. I firmly believe that design should be well informed by data;
It signficantly increases engagement, conversions, and ultimately, maximizes the bottom-line. 
In addition to product designs, I established the brand identity and created brand collaterals such
as logos, banners, creative assets for paid social, product photos and packaging labels. 
    1. Designer
    2. Data-driven 

Along with my responsiblity as designer, I was a digital marketer. I used google analytics, 
and Etsy's onsite Analytics to understand customer behavior, demographics, and interests. Realizing
that 60% of my customers reside in the East Coast, I switched suppliers from Phoenix, AZ to Indianaoplis, IN;
This reduced my COGS, in particular, shipping cost by 20% - 30% for domestic orders. As for international
orders, I switched to international suppliers. scripting in HTML/CSS, I developed a static email template in 
orderdesk that automatically triggers a send once a buyer purchases a product - confirms personalization 
options. In klaviyo, I created sale announcements, and experimented with flow (automated email sends).
Lastly, 






In my former role as Marketing Graphic Designer at Valleyworx, I was responsible for creating marketing 
collaterals for company events such as fliers, posters, and creative assets for social media. Along with 
maintaining existing visual brand language, I used various visual elements to enhance their brand image. 
I led a brainstorm session with several colleagues to create a branded shirt design for their summer 
Hackathon event. I was excited for this event; Unfortunately, it was detoured by COVID-19 pandemic. 
Furthermore, having experience in creating static content with HTML5/CSS3, I helped with creating new 
design components for their company website. 
    1. Experience design Marketing Collaterals


----------
Conclusion 










I learned the 
basics of creating static content using HTML5/CSS3 and interactive content using Javascript and the DOM.


















Near the end of my employment with Valleyworx, they needed assistance with basic development on their
company website. So, I attended their coding bootcamp, while enrolled in Udacity's programs 

and enrolled in Udacity's introduction to 
programming, and front-end developer nanodegree. Within 6 weeks, I learned the basics of DOM ma



During my time working for Valleyworx, they needed someone to build landing pages for their company website, 




During my time working for Valleyworx, I took the initiative to learn the basics of web development through
Udacity's 

As you mentioned in your job post, 








 create a design that 

 into the creation of a 
branded t-shirt for Valleyworx's 2020 Hackathon event. Note

In your post, you mentioned that 







consistent brand  


 company events such as posters, fliers and infographics. Additionally, I lead the the 













--------------

Conclusion:

Mention your portfolio, github account to view projects, and re-iterate that you are a data-driven designer
with experience in digital marketing and project management. 





-




