It is with great enthusiasm to apply for the Senior Marketing Designer role at Fast. In my 2+ years of experience managing my stores on Etsy, I developed a fundamental understanding of business operations, developed skills in digital marketing, improved competence in obtaining
Actionable insights from data analysis and realized my knack for process optimization. Along with my expertise in visual design, and basic client-side development, I am confident that I can bring Fast's brand to life. 

Applying to Fast stems from my interest in e-commerce automation, and experience in branding. During my time managing my stores on Etsy, I learned that automating repetitive tasks during a digital transaction is imperative to positive brand equity. In my experience, I encountered a similar problem that Fast is solving, that is, simplifying the customer experience and streamlining the production process, but for, personalized products. I developed a terminal application in JavaScript and Node.js that interfaces with adobe illustrator. This reduced design inaccuracies and decreased fulfillment time by automatically generating production-ready design files based on customer order data - resulting in decreased operational costs by 35% and lead time by 3 days.

As the designer, I produced digital designs that were unique, relevant to buyer persona, and
consistent with brand proposition. This led to an average revenue of $1,533 per SKU. Along with establishing brand identity, I produced brand assets such as Logos, banners, social media assets and product photos. Furthermore, I replace and revised designs that attributed low engagement or conversion rate. Beyond being the designer, I made operational decisions based on Google and Etsy data. After realizing that 60% of my customers resides in the East Coast, I switched domestic suppliers from Phoenix to Indianapolis which reduced my COGS by 20%-30%. I firmly believe in making data-driven decisions in design and operations. 

In my former role as Marketing Graphic Designer, I was responsible for creating fliers, posters and creative assets for social media. In addition, I maintained and enhanced the visual brand language. Having previous experience in creating static content with HTML/CSS, I developed 
Visual elements, and content for the company website.
