After viewing the company's social media channels, the most hysterical piece of visual is Dwight saying, "It's true." Starting a business and selling products online is not easy - the most challenging experience I have had. 
It is especially difficult when the checkout experience is the primary barrier-to-purchase. I cannot count the number of times I have reset my password and entered the same card information multiple times a day. The magic happens when I could spend less than 3 seconds to complete my purchase. This 'magic' excites me. With great enthusiasm, I would like to apply for the Senior Marketing Designer role. 

For the past 2+ years, I have managed three e-commerce stores on Etsy selling digital and physical products. I created vector & raster artworks, and editable templates for SMBs in the handmade market. Following my first shop, I started Coffee Meets Mug, LLC. With a keen eye for design, I created designs that were unique, relevant to the target buyers, and consistent with the brand proposition. Mentioned in the job post, candidates that can use data to gain insight are strongly valued. Within a year, I generated $47K in gross revenue by utilizing Google and Etsy analytics to understand customer demographics, behavior, and interests. For instance, I switched suppliers and reduced COGS by 20% after realizing that 60% of my orders were from the East Coast. Last but certainly not least, I increased customer engagement rate and conversions by iterating under-performing designs, changing elements such as color, fonts, and visual hierarchy.

One of the strengths that I will bring to Fast is my ability to problem-solve. I demonstrated this while managing my 3rd shop. Because of the inefficiencies of made-to-order (custom) designs, I developed a terminal app in JavaScript that interfaces with Adobe Illustrator to automatically generate production-ready design files. This reduced cost by 55% and lead time by three days.
In my previous role as designer for marketing at ValleyWorx, I was responsible for creating flyers, e-newsletter, and social media assets. Further, I maintained and enhanced its brand image. Lastly, I partnered with colleagues to create static content using HTML5/CSS3 for the company website.

With my unique skill set, creative spirit, and hunger-to-learn, I am confident that I would be a great addition to your team. I would love the chance too further discuss the position and skills I would bring to the job. If you require any further information regarding the application, you may contact me at (415)424-8039 or by email at Ericlin415@gmail.com.

Thank you for considering my application.

Sincerely,

Eric
