Word Choices: Develop, Executed, Strategized
-Own strategy and execution of materials across our marketing channels
-Partner with different channel owners on the marketing team to understand their needs and deliver creative assets that perform
-Lean on customer insights and data to refine our marketing design strategy
1. talk about the results on pinterest.
-Play key role in bringing the Fast brand to life by evolving our visual language
1. Developed visual language.. 
2.
-Design and build landing pages, email campaigns, social media assets, sales collateral, ads for paid social and more
-Create materials that help people understand the product and its value for them
1.
-Understand how marketing materials are performing, and figure out how to make design changes that drive increased engagement and conversion
-Lean on customer insights and data to refine our marketing design strategy
1.
--------------------------------------------------
Cover Letter
Effective Cover Letter Points
1. mentiond your experience in ecommerce, how does that tie into payments? marketing, or design?
2. Start with confidence.
3. be bold but measured.
4. Expand on your resume - don't repeat it.
5. Try expanding on your past experience in your cover letter with these strategies
6. Discuss (competently) current issues in your industry to demonstrate expertise
7. Quantify your achievements.
8. managed 3 employees.
9. Numbering customers handled per day, size of budgets managed, or KPIs achieved.
1. In addition...
2. After working for...
3. As a ...
4. Having ...
5. I am writing..
6. After graduating..
7. I am currently.. 
8. As my resume indicates..
Dear Kyle,
I am writing 
tell a Story!
1. Introduction
    1. Express excitement.
        a. it is with great excitment...
        b. it is with great enthusiasm..
        c. I am beyond thrilled to apply for..
        d. 
    2. 
2. Body-1
    1. Background.. Architectural Design, and mathematics. What's the core of Architectural Design, and Mathematics?
        a. problem solving, and user experience.
    2. With my skillset and experience, I started founded and managed multiple ecommerce stores. Products were in the the personalized products/made-to-order doman. 
    3.
3. Body-2
    1. Skills, Problem & solution
    2. Work Experience
    3.
4. Conclusion
    1. Summarize all your experience in 2 sentence, a great addition to your team..
    2. Focus on the future. 
    3. (great asset to your team..)
Dear Kyle,
It is with great enthusiasm to apply for the Senior Marketing Designer role at Fast. 
I can't describe in words how excited I was when hearing that Fast is hiring a Senior Marketing Designer. 
Intro
Questions:
1. What approach did you take to tackling one of the responsibilities you’ve mentioned on your resume?
2. What details would you include if you were telling someone a (very short!) story about how you accomplished that bullet point?
3. What about your personality, passion, or work ethic made you especially good at getting the job done?
4. What are you going to bring to the company?
Keywords:
1. assets
2. marketing
3. material
4. Strategy
5. People
Possible Keywords:
1. Customer experience
2. reduce this friction
3. e-commerce checkout
--------
Identify 1 problem: The biggest challenge was ... 
1. Etsy's user experience - personalized message form submission. 
2. Simplying the customer experience of product customization while streamlinng product process.
3. 
Provide a solution:
1. Created media assets that simplifid the customer experience. 
The biggest challenges encountered managing multiple ecommerce stores on etsy that's focused on persaonlized 
products/made-to-order domain was the checkout experience of the personalization text box. The user experience 
was 
-----
Sample Introduction: 
With the utmost enthusiasm, I would like to express my interest in the [position title] position at [Company]. 
My interest in [field] has taken me from [experience] to [experience]. I believe that my passion for 
[aspect of your field or background], strong commitment to [aspect of your field or background], and interest 
in [aspect of your field or background] make me an ideal candidate to join the [department] staff at [Company].
----------------------------


Resume:

Personal Summary #1: (Personalize to job listing, Mentiond highly adept to remote position)
    1. 3+ years of experience managing multiple ecommerce stores remotely (why? : ability to work remote, management experience)
    2. (Talk about summar of why you are a great fit for the position);


Work Experience:
    1. Marketing Graphic Designer - Valleyworx (Oct 2019 - Apr 2020)
        a. Created t-shirt design for 2020 summer hackathon event in collaboration with community manager, and interim director.
        b. Designed marketing collaterals, reviewed brand specifications, and updated brand guidelines.

    2. Ecom Owner & Operator - Etsy Seller (Dec 2017 - May 2020)
        1. Coffee Meets Mug, LLC
        About: B2C store that sold custom designed ceramic coffee mugs for special occasions, and promotional products for employee onboarding. 
            a. Analyzed performance metrics and modified product designs, relevant brand assets (e.g., visual language, photograhy, packaging,) 
            to increase (CTR, ROAS, CR). - 10.2% CMGR
                => Analyze, and interpret data.
            b. Employed, trained, and managed remote assistants to review artwork specifications, manage customer support and orders.
                => Project management skills
            c. conceptualized brand identity, and periodically evolved visual language based on customer insight.
                => brand development
            d. Maintained 94% customer satisfaction rating out of 196 reviews.
                => Empathetic of customer needs, and deliver an amazing product. 
            e. Created digital designs relevant to target audience, and achieved $1555,00 RPS. 

            

        2. Besties Gift Shop (Co-owner)
        About: B2C store that sold custom designed (mix-&-match) products (i.e., ceramic mugs, greeting cards, posters, hanging canvas prints, framed prints).
            a.  Developed, and implemented marketing (i.e., email campaign, paid social, search) strategies to increase brand awareness.
            b.  Designed ad creatives, banners for (pinterest, facebook) and instructional content images for product listings.
            c.  Coded custom post-purchase confirmation email template - valids customers' personalization details.
            d.  Developed a product customizer application that automates artwork creation - reduced oper. cost by 55% and lead time by 3 days.

        3. Spark Oak Graphics
        About: B2B store that sold digital designs with personal or commercial license - providing SMB and non-profits with afforable ready-to-use graphics (i.e, vector & raster art, editable templates).
            a. Designed ready-to-download artwork for various occasions and formats (i.e., jpg, png, svg, eps, dxf)
                => flexible in format
            b. Designed artworks in collaboration with clients for anti-bully, mental awareness, and breast cancer walk event. 
            c. Established structure for creative asset library, developed a strategy for quick accessibility and maintained visual design component files for reusability.

    3. Freelance Graphic Designer (2013 - 2014, 2018)
        a. Consulted Olabars founder on brand development, and designed a low-fidelity prototype for their website. 
        b. Managed facebook group (SparkQuotes), and designed social media posts. - 2072 followers
        

---------------------------


CV:

Draft #1: Introduction Outline
    1. State the position you are apply for with ethusiasm.
    2. Why are you ethusiastic?
    3. State Briefly what you are qua

Draft #1: Introduction
    1. It is with great enthusiasm that I apply for the Senior Marketing Designer role at fast.
    2. (Express interest in the industry, elaborate why you are interested)
            a. My interest in Fast's mission stems from my experiencing managing my own ecommerce store on Etsy.
            b. My interest stems from my experience managing several ecom stores on Etsy. 
            c. Since managing my own ecom store on Etsy, my passion for smooth user...
            d. My interest in Fast's mission stems from my experience managing multiple e-com stores on Etsy.
                d.1. In my experience, UX 
        
            1. friction during checkout.
    3. Before you read any further, let me draw your attention to 3 reasons why I am a good fit: 
        1. a proclivity for sensible design,
            => design that is relevant for customers in specific context.
        2. creating great customer experience and interactions, 
            => user experience, customer service.
        3. commitment to growth,
            => willingness to learn


    

    


            user-facing design/product is imperative 

Advice:
    1. Focus on your strength on capabilities.


Introduction Draft #1:

(1) It is with great enthusiasm that I apply for the Senior Marketing Designer role at Fast. 
(2) Before you reas further, let me draw your attention to 3 reasons why I am a good fit: a proclivity for sensible design, 
commitment to creating great customer experience & interactions, and a dedication to growth. 
(3) My interest in Fast stems from my experience managing multiple ecommerce stores on Etsy. In my endeavors, I was challenged with
solving a similiar issue - simplying the user experience and streamlining the production process.
(4) Along with my experience in graphic design and a background in mathematics, I am confident that I can bring the Fast brand to life,
and create positive impact in the company. 

Body Draft #1:

Objective: Talk about the 3 reasons

1. a proclivity for sensible design. (Talk about stats) Data-Driven Design
    a. 
    b.
2. commitment to creating great customer experience & interactions.
    a.
    b.
3. dedication to growth.
    a. 
    b.


Body Draft #2:

Objective: Talk about the problem you stated in the Intro

Conclusion:

1. I would love to coffee over zoom..


    MISC:
        1. with my dynmiac background in various mediums, I believe I can contribute tremendously to Fast's brand awareness.
        1. With my background in ... 'design language' ... from architectural design, and quantititive reasoning from mathematics, I think I can contribute immensely - focusing on data-driven design.  



(1) It is with great enthusiasm that I apply for the Senior Marketing Designer role at Fast. 
        
(2) Before you reas further, let me draw your attention to 3 reasons why I am a good fit: a proclivity for sensible design, 
commitment to creating great customer experience & interactions, and a dedication to growth. 

(3) My interest in Fast stems from my experience managing multiple ecommerce stores on Etsy. In my endeavors, I was challenged with
solving a similiar issue - simplying the user experience and streamlining the production process.

(4) Along with my experience in graphic design and a background in mathematics, I am confident that I can bring the Fast brand to life,
and create positive impact in the company. 



 Created a design that people were passionate about - generated $$. Bringing my savyness in strategy planning in design and marketing. 

Draft #2

Introduction:

(1) Mention how you you combined (design, customer insight, and competitive data) to create a design that sold over $$$. 
(2) Mentiond 


Along with 
my background in visual design, and possessing a quantitative aptitude, I am confident that I can bring Fast's brand
to life.


It is with great enthusiasm to apply for the Marketing Designer role at Fast. Before you read further, let me draw
your attention to 3 reasons why I might be a good fit for this position: 


1. Quantitive Reasoning Skills + Design


1. a focus on data-driven designs, procliviy for data-driven 
    => Identified a blue ocean design by tracking and analzing (gathered insight from customer and competitive data)
     (generated $$$ within a specific time frame)
     => how to utilized your quantitive reasoning skills in statistics to understand 

3. Problem Solver and a commit to growth
    => Developed an automation script that created artwork designs using illustrator scripting
    => spend endless nights learning and understand the illustrator script documentation (properties and methods) and 
    => designed a ...
4. strategic planner
    => utilizing strategies, maximizing designs that performed, focusing on relevant metrics that performed. 
5. a collaborator
    => 
6. hunger-to-learn,



1. 










a proclivity 
for data-driven design, 
sensible (Data-drven) design and 
commitment to growth. My interest in fast's mission stems from my experience managing my etsy shops. I was challenged
with solving a similar problem - simplying the user experience while streamlining the production process. 

1. 








It is with great enthusiasm that I am applying for the Senior Marketing Designer role at Fast. 
Before you read further, let me highlight 3 reasons why I am a good fit for this position:
proclivity for illustrative designs that maximizes the bottom-line, a designer with a growth
hacking mentality, and the hunger to learn with a commitment to long-term growth.


It is with great enthusiasm that I am applying for the Senior Marketing Designer role at Fast. Before you read further, let me draw your attention to 3 reasons why I might be a good fit for this position: (1), (2) and (3).  Along with my background in visual design and mathematics, I believe I can enliven Fast’s brand and po



-------------------
-------------------
-------------------
Draft #2

My interest in Fast stems from my experience in ecommerce. I was challenged with solving a similar problem, albeit, design related – simplifying the user experience for custom design products and streamlining the production process.












1.	Proclivity for illustrative designs,
2.	Data-driven 
3.	Strategic growth thinker
4.	Hunger to learn with a commitment to long-term growth,
