It is with great enthusiasm to apply for the Senior Marketing Designer role at Fast.
In my experience managing multiple e-commerce businesses, I progressed my knowledge of 
fundamental business operations, developed skills in digital marketing, improved 
my competence in gathering actionable insights from data, and realized my knack for 
process optimization. Along with my expertise in visal communication, and basic 
client-side development, I am confident that I can bring Fast's brand to life. 


Applying to Fast stems from my interest in e-commerce automation, and experience in branding. 
During my time managing stores on Etsy, I learned that automating repetitive
tasks in a digital transaction is imperative to positive brand equity.I encountered 
a similar problem that Fast is solving, that is, simplifying the customer experience and 
streamling the production process, but for personalized products.

At a certain point, manually creating designs became time-consuming. So, I developed a terminal 
application in Javascript and Node.js that interfacs with adobe illustrator. This reduced 
design inaccuracies and decreased fulfillment time by automatically generating production-ready
design files based on customer order data - resulting in decreased operational costs by
35% and lead time by 3 days.

As a sole designer, I produced digital designs that were unique, relevant to buyer persona, and
consistent with brand proposition. This lead to an average revenue of $1,533 per sku, and 10.2%
compound monthly growth rate in 2019. Major design decisions were also based on trends, and insights
from competitive purchase data; Last, but certainly not least, I established brand identity, 
and produced brand assets such logos, banners, social media assets and product photos. 

Along with my responsiblities, I used Google and Etsy analytics to make operational and 
design decisions based on customer interests and behavior. I reduced COGS within 20%-30% by switching 
domestic suppliers from Phoenix to Indianaoplis after realizing 60% of my customers reside in 
the East Coat. I swapped low-converting keywords with high conversion search queries, and replaced or
revised digital designs that attributed low engagement/conversion rate.











In my former role as Marketing Graphic Designer at Valleyworx, 

I created:

- Marketing collaterials (i.e., fliers, posters, creative assets for social media)
- Maintained and enhanced visual brand langage 





In my former role as Marketing Graphic Designer at Valleyworx, I was responsible for creating marketing 
collaterals for company events such as fliers, posters, and creative assets for social media. Along with 
maintaining existing visual brand language, I used various visual elements to enhance their brand image. 
I led a brainstorm session with several colleagues to create a branded shirt design for their summer 
Hackathon event. I was excited for this event; Unfortunately, it was detoured by COVID-19 pandemic. 
Furthermore, having experience in creating static content with HTML5/CSS3, I helped with creating new 
design components for their company website. 
